1. The purpose of this Git repository is to document my work and progress on assignments. This way, it's easy to track the changes I make throughout assignments. Commits are helpful for my own purposes and for graders to understand my processes. Additionally, github is collaborative so you can easily share code and have multiple people work on the same code. Good commit statements and understanding how to pull/merge has been crucial to the semester group project. 

2. My favorite assignment was assignment 2. I liked learning about APIs and interacting with products made by other people/companies. It finally made me feel like I could produce something with my comp sci experience that was worth looking at and interacting with. I felt like assignment 3 took more time than it should've, mostly due to me not fully understanding how node, heroku, and mongoDB were all interacting with one another. It was hard for me to trouble-shoot.

3. I've grown a lot from day 1 (git whut?). I definitely have a better understanding of how the servers, applications, and databases we use can do for us. The semester group project enabled us to explore the limits of our capabilities and believe that we can do more, not just what is directly laid out in our assignment scopes, which tell us exactly what we should be able to do.

4. The most important things I've learned are how to collaborate on a coding project, and honestly, how to host a site through github. I've never had to code in a group or with a partner before and being able to do that when we are rarely working next to each other, would've seemed impossible to me three months ago. Also, the fact that I now know how to create comp work that I can see in a more tangible way than soley on my terminal, makes me feel proud of the work I've done. Understanding html, javascript and css makes me feel like I can continue to develop these skills in the future, where it would've been very unlikely for me to try to learn these on my own.

5. I would like to know more about cyber security and how it is implemented for most major sites. There were already huge issues with even a simple site like assignment 3, I can't imagine all the risks on sites with more complex structures and more private information.